PAM RN August (#6362)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2026-okta-privileged-access/index.md

Okta Privileged Access (OPA) is available for both Okta Classic Engine and Okta Identity Engine.

## August

### Monthly release 2026.08.0
<!-- Published on: 2026-08-03T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs | Expected in Production |
| ------ | ------------------------ | ----------------------- |
| [Credential version history is GA](#credential-version-history-is-ga) | August 5, 2026 | August 5, 2026 |
| [Okta Privileged Access automated app provisioning is GA in Preview](#okta-privileged-access-automated-app-provisioning-is-ga-in-preview) | August 5, 2026 |  |

#### Credential version history is GA

> Okta Privileged Access users can now retrieve a credential's version history and reveal past version for secrets, Active Directory accounts, SaaS app accounts, and Okta Universal Directory accounts. See [Secrets](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/secrets), [Active Directory Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/active-directory-accounts), [SaaS Application Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/saas-app-accounts), and [Okta Universal Directory Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/okta-universal-directory-accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta Privileged Access users can now retrieve a credential's version history and reveal credential versions for secrets, Active Directory accounts, SaaS app accounts, and Okta Universal Directory accounts. See [Secrets](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/secrets), [Active Directory Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/active-directory-accounts), [SaaS Application Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/saas-app-accounts), and [Okta Universal Directory Accounts](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/okta-universal-directory-accounts).
```
